README.md, before:

![mongoForge](/resources/icon.png?raw=true "mongoforge")
# mongoForge
MongoDB Admin Client GUI/CLI for Mac/Windows/Linux

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kalahari/mongoForge.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kalahari/mongoForge)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/kalahari/mongoForge.svg)](https://gitter.im/kalahari/mongoForge?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

*Current release is extremely raw, you have been warned.*

Commmand syntax is from the [MongoDB Node.js Driver](http://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/2.1/getting-started/quick-tour/#inserting-a-document), `db` will already be defined for you.

# Data Visualizer
Result data can be displayed in table form:
![Results to Table](/doc/mongoForge-table-result.png?raw=true "Results to Table")

And you can switch back and forth with text view:
![Results to Text](/doc/mongoForge-text-result.png?raw=true "Results to Text")

# Run
 * Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
 * Clone the repo
 * Install `npm install`
 * Run `npm start`

# Credits
Icon adapted from [Anvil by Jason Dilworth from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/anvil/166414/)

# License
Copyright 2016 Blake Mitchell &lt;blake@barkingspoon.com&gt;

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Link to Installers from README

README.md, after:

![mongoForge](./resources/osx/icon.iconset/icon_128x128.png?raw=true "mongoforge")
# mongoForge
MongoDB Admin Client GUI/CLI for Mac/Windows/Linux

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kalahari/mongoForge.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kalahari/mongoForge)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/kalahari/mongoForge.svg)](https://gitter.im/kalahari/mongoForge?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

*Current release is extremely raw, you have been warned.*

Commmand syntax is from the [MongoDB Node.js Driver](http://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/2.1/getting-started/quick-tour/#inserting-a-document), `db` will already be defined for you.

# Installers
Binary installers for Mac and Windows are available on the [latest release](../../releases/latest) page. Linux users should follow the "Run" instructions below for now.

# Data Visualizer
Result data can be displayed in table form:
![Results to Table](./doc/mongoForge-table-result.png?raw=true "Results to Table")

And you can switch back and forth with text view:
![Results to Text](./doc/mongoForge-text-result.png?raw=true "Results to Text")

# Run
 * Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
 * Clone the repo
 * Install `npm install`
 * Run `npm start`

# Credits
Icon adapted from [Anvil by Jason Dilworth from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/anvil/166414/)

# License
Copyright 2016 Blake Mitchell &lt;blake@barkingspoon.com&gt;

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
